feat(theme): Introduce theme archetype (#1282)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/customize-living-application-theme.md

## Building, Deploying, and Previewing a theme

During the development phase, you can preview your theme using the provided test page in `test/index.html`.
First you will have to `build` your theme: 

### From Bonita Studio

Right click on your theme project > Build or press `Ctrl+Shift+B` for a shortcut.

If your theme is already associated to a living application, you can just `deploy` your theme:  right click on your theme project > Deploy or press `Ctrl+Shift+D` for a shortcut.

### From the maven project

> Prompt a terminal and enter the following command: `mvn clean package`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prompt a terminal and enter the following command: `./mvnw`  
```
